CardView: describe API (part 4 - card properties and events) (#7362)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxCardView/9 Types/CardHeaderItem/location.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies a location for the item in the card header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the item's location in the card header.
```
